(Docs) Some more 3.0 changes (#2605)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/upgrading_to_bolt_3.md

# Upgrading to Bolt 3.0

Welcome to Bolt 3.0! This page contains a list of the most important things you
need to know if you're upgrading from an earlier version of Bolt.

For an exhaustive list of the things we've changed, see: 
- [Changes coming in Bolt 3.0](developer_updates.md#changes-coming-in-bolt-30)
- [Bolt 3.0 Changelog](https://pup.pt/bolt-3)

If you're not ready to make the leap to Bolt 3.0, you can still download the

> last release in the Bolt 2 series by specifying the version (2.40.1) in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
last release in the Bolt 2 series by specifying the version (2.44.0) in your
```

package manager. For Homebrew, use `brew install --cask puppet-bolt@2`. You can
also download the relevant

> [MacOS](https://downloads.puppet.com/mac/puppet6/10.15/x86_64/) and
> [Windows](http://downloads.puppet.com/windows/puppet6/) installers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[macOS](https://downloads.puppet.com/mac/puppet-tools/10.15/x86_64/) and
[Windows](http://downloads.puppet.com/windows/puppet-tools/) installers.
```

We should point to the `puppet-tools` repos, not `puppet*`.
